In September 1945 ...
пом explained
For the moment
I can't walk. My legs hurt.
I can't put it on my face.
I'll put it on, but I have to ride something expensive.
I'll walk with a face that doesn't eat.
I've been eating for a while.
Don't say anything weird.
How about it, sir?
I'll do it cheaply, but you won't buy it.
You can ride it.
I'll ride it cheaply. Thank you.
I don't say expensive.
How far will you go?
That's right.
How far to the temple?
To the temple?
How about the first person?
I'd like to ride a horse.
What? A horse?
Yes, a horse.
A horse is expensive.
Are you a man?
You can lose to a horse.
A horse?
I've been riding for a long time, but I don't know the price.
How much do you want to buy?
I can buy two legs. I can buy 200.
200?
You can lose.
I lost early.
How much is your horse?
I'll buy a horse.
How much is a horse?
200.
You can't say that.
You can't lose 200.
I'll buy it.
Hey, Hanada!
Kanta!
I'm coming.
I know you're a customer.
I'll buy a horse for you.
What?
You're a customer.
Who is a customer?
You can't hear me.
It's a secret.
I'll buy it.
I won't buy it.
I'm sure it's impossible for a traveler to travel in a train.
No way.
You're smart.
How old are you?
74.
74?
That's easy.
How long have you been doing horse-riding?
I've been doing it since I was 15.
You've been doing it for 60 years.
If you've been doing it for that long,
you'll know what business this person is in.
I can't get rid of it.
What business do these three seem to be in?
It's not a good business.
What are you doing?
Hey! What are you doing?
You're making a fool of yourself.